added releasenote (#845)
FirelyTeam/firely-docs-firely-server: releasenotes/releasenotes_v6.rst

        
        docker pull firely/server:latest

.. _vonk_releasenotes_6_7_1:

Release 6.7.1, May 20th, 2026
-----------------------------

Fix
^^^

#. Introduced pagination for the results of the ``$everything`` operation. Before, when a large number of resources would be returned by the ``$everything`` operation, this could lead to stack overflow errors. With pagination, the results of the ``$everything`` operation are now returned in smaller chunks, improving performance and reducing the likelihood of timeouts. For more information, also see :ref:`patienteverything_pagination`.

.. warning::

>     With the change in pagination for the ``$everything`` operation, support for the ``_total`` parameter was omitted for this operation to improve overall performance. If you relied on the ``_total`` parameter when calling the ``$everything`` operation, we advise to review your workflow.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    With the change in pagination for the ``$everything`` operation, ``Bundle.total`` has been removed. If your workflow relies on it, we advise updating it accordingly.
```

>     With the change in pagination for the ``$everything`` operation, support for the ``_total`` parameter was omitted for this operation to improve overall performance. If you relied on the ``_total`` parameter when calling the ``$everything`` operation, we advise to review your workflow.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    With the change in pagination for the ``$everything`` operation, support for the ``_total`` parameter was omitted for this operation to improve overall performance. If you relied on the ``_total`` parameter when calling the ``$everything`` operation, we advise to review your workflow and iterate through all pages to retrieve all resources.
```
